fixed misspellings (#2392)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/mover-running-migration.md

> - Select all user(s). At the top of navigation bar, select the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select all users. At the top of the navigation bar, select the checkbox.
```
